hey how are you, I'm chus delighted and today I'm going
to start a series of videos in which
I'm going to explain how to play magic and
we're going to start from this video
telling the most basic things
[Music]
magic is a card game for two
players normally  playing a player
against another player against player,
although there are also other
game modes in magic that involve several
players within the same game, it is
a game in which you compete against the
other players and the player who
manages to reduce the total of  your
opponent's lives to 0 although the magic
you can also lose
if you are that player who when he is going to
draw cards from his deck he does not have
any more cards left to draw in that case
you also lose the game so magic
is a game where you can win but  You
can also lose
to start playing each player must
bring their own deck important to
check how good a
magic deck is not that it is a Spanish deck or
a French epoque deck or anything like that
shuffle the deck to give it 2 - like
I am doing  Hit the opponent to cut and
then each player draws seven cards
that will be put in his hand. At that moment the
decisions in magic begin.
You must decide if with those cards that
you have in your hand you can play the
game and beat your opponent in case of
If you consider that that hand is not
enough to beat your opponent
because you have had bad luck, you
can always return seven cards from your hand,
shuffle again and draw another seven
new cards. You can repeat this process as
many times as you want until
you get a hand.  with which you are
happy with your cards and you think you
can win but be careful
once you decide that that hand is the
good one that that hand is the one you are going to
play with, you will have to return a card
from your hand to the bottom of your deck  For
every time you have done this process of
shuffling and drawing a new hand, this
rule is called the mulligan rule, a
rule that already has enough only air and
magic and that has changed several times
during the history of this game because I
remind you that  magic is a game that
is more than 25 years old and that has undergone
some changes from the beginning to
the time we are in now,
if you look at the cards in your hand you will
be able to easily differentiate them by
two types of cards, on the one hand we have
the lands that serve as a resource to
play the other type of cards that we have
in our hand the spells if you take a
look at the lands you will see that they are
closely related to each
of the five colors that exist in
magic so we can have for example
plains that are
related to the color white islands
that are related to the blue color
of magic swamps that are
related to the color black mountains
with the color red and forests with the color
green these five lands in magic are
called lands  basics and if you are a
little perceptive you will be able to notice that, for
example, in the mana symbol of this
plain, this symbol here
coincides quite closely with this symbol that
we have here above this
vote shield card, the entire combination of
symbols that appears  in the
upper right corner is
that it is difficult for us to play this card, for
example in this case the
devoted student only needs one point of
white mana so that we can play it from
our hand to the battlefield to
do that beforehand we will have to
use one of our lands  that
gives us white mana such as the
plain and play the shield before devotee we
will turn this land 90 degrees to the
right to indicate that we have already
used it to pay this card we cannot
use lands that we already have turned
to pay other cards for example  If
in our hand we have a pangolin of
darkness, which is a card that
costs us one point of black mala and two
additional sea points that we can
pay with mana of any color and we
also have in our hand a
barrel archimó button area no that  It
costs two points of blue mana and one
point of additional mana that we can
pay with mana of any color, but
on the battlefield we
only have three lands. We must
choose on our turn which of these
two cards is best for us to play.
Once we pay the  mana to
play one of those two cards we will not be able to
pay mana to play the other card since
these lands are lying
and we cannot play spells wandering mana
from the tapped lands we can play
as many spells in our turn as there are
lands we have interested in to be able to
pay and  We can play all of them but on the
other hand we can only play one land from
our hand in each of our
turns, but don't worry because at the
beginning of each of your turns
all the cards you
have turned return to their normal position to
this position in  magic is called
straightened, that is, a card when
this straight line is straightened and when it is
turned 90 degrees to the right it is
turned and therefore it has been used
[Music]
as magic is a game that has
many years behind it and has also
experienced  a little with the
mana costs and we can find within
magic cards costs that are as
common as can be, for example,
bad habit or bad pyrexia. I
have also prepared a video that explains very
clearly and very clearly all the costs that
exist.  in magic so that you have an
expert in this matter of paying cards to
put them on the battlefield but if
we look at the spells not only are they
simply divided by color but they are
also divided by type depending on
what function they fulfill in the game
we will have  For example, the creatures that
represent the hosts that will fight
on our behalf to take the life of the
opponent to put them in trouble. We
also have artifacts that are
powerful magical objects that will also
help you a little in the game.
We also have enchantments that
represent persistent magical effects.
that last over time and
finally we also have
the controversial place walkers who are
powerful magicians who appear in the
setting story of magic these
four types of cards along with the
lands and the tokens which is a type of
card that already  We will talk about them later, they are
all permanent since when you
throw them on the table they stay
permanently until they are
destroyed or killed or the game is over
and you have to pick them up, it is not going to
be that you leave them there on the table but
as you can see  They have put a lot of effort into
classifying this type of cards, they
remain on the table permanently, their
heads have exploded, but there are also
cards that do not remain on the
battlefield, as may be the case with
spells and instants, which are
cards that when used  you play them you do
the effect that she puts directly they go
to the discard pile
in magic this discard sharpening is
called graveyard for example
on our turn we play a
mental rot which is a black spell that
costs us one point of black mana and two
points  of additional extras that we can
pay with mana of any color and
we choose a target player in this
case our opponent our opponent
must discard two cards from his
hand and send them to his graveyard and
once our opponent has done that
we will discard the rot
mental and we will send it to our
cemetery and now we finally know
the most basic and elemental to begin to
see what a tú 9 magic is like and what a
game in magic is like, that we will see in the
next video better down here in the
description of the  video and in the
comments box I will leave you some other
video that can serve as a
complement to this remember that you can
leave your doubts your hugs your
dissolved your concerns and your neighbors
down here in the comments
here with a video and I hope you like it
a lot and see you next time bye
fishing let's go